And The Last Lecture we hooked up this navigations so that we're able to go to the place page.
Now I want to go there in the editor too so that we can start working on this template and create a
form which allows us to add a page for this I'm going to remove this comment.
And here in the title I'm just going to say add a place because that is what you're able to do on this
page.
And then I'll add a form without the action as before.
In the last sections because again this will be handled by angler too.
And then I'll add an iron list in this form with a couple of iron items.
The first item I'll add here is responsible for the title.
So I'm going to add I a label which just says title and I want to label to be of the fixed type.
So to be fixed on the left and then have the input placed on the right of it does inport has there for
also to be added here.
This I an input it will be of type text because it is normal text I enter here.
It will also receive a placeholder to indicate what you may enter.
This is of course optional but I will add it.
Let's say beautiful church is your awesome place what you are taking a photo of right now of beauty.
Maybe spell it correctly beautiful.
And besides this text that the placeholder.
We also need a name because we're going to use the template driven approach.
The name should just be title because that's what we're storing right.
We don't add Engy model to register it as a control on this automatically inferred form.
And finally I will also add the required attribute to make it well required to add the Somali Dacian.
This is the first input.
Now I will add another input here.
Nobbler I an item with a label inside of it.
This label should float up once you click into the input.
This is why Attas floating style.
And here I will say a short description because this is what I want to enter.
A short description of the place.
Now your.
You could use an input but since I want to have a description I'll add Ayane text area like this.
And on this ion text area I will set up a name which is description and then I'll set up and model and
also add required to make it required.
So what does this text area is set up to.
Now we have the title enter description and place days.
I was asked to submit this basic information but it will also already prepare the well parts for the
parts of our form and so these sections for the other parts of our form.
Like for example the ability to choose a location and so on.
I will do this outside of the list but still inside of this form element.
The first thing I want to add outside of this list is I am grade because I want to place things in a
great year they're all at I and row in and this first row in the column of this row.
The goal is to hold a button which allows us or hold two buttons actually next to each other in two
columns.
The goal is to have the buttons which allow us to either choose our current location automatically or
select one on the map.
So in a first column I'm going to add a button which will receive the iron button directive to make
it look like a button.
But then I will also add de block style to have it spanned over the full with the outline style.
You have no background and then also type.
But this is important because we're inside a form right.
We're inside a foreign text.
So if we wouldn't design type button here hitting this button would submit the form.
And this is not what I want to do.
Instead I want to open a new window or here on this button where we automatically detect the location
I just want a trigger that action I don't want to submit the form.
So type button is important here to prevent this button from submitting the form.
And with all that configured I will also add Iken left because this button will hold both an icon and
text.
And of course finally a click listener which does something when we hit the button here are executed
on locate Mefford which of course hasn't been added yet inside of the button here or one of two things.
For one I can this is why I added Eicken left here and this will be the Locate I can again taken from
the official I can repository which is a fitting icon for the auto location action and next to it are
placed to text located me.
So that's the first button and the first column and then add another column in the same row because
I want to have another button in there.
This button will also receive I button.
It will also be a block button and it will also just be an outline button with no background here.
I will then also assign the type but because this button asks the first button shouldn't submit our
form instead of Cherchez Chichester's some action the action of one trigger will be described.
First of all and I can left as on the top button.
Now I'll hook up the action.
The click listener here and I want to open a new page.
You're the map to Google map.
So here I'll say on open map and this method should then navigate us to a new page which displays Google
Maps to us.
Now if that button is configured but we also need to add some content.
So that's at I and I can go.
And in this I can I'm going to use the map I can all chosen from the official repository and then say
select on map here.
So let's have a look at how this looks like we're not done yet.
But I want to see if we're on the right track.
So going back to the map does looks all right we got our little forum up here where we can enter a description
and a title and then we get the two buttons below it where we can locate ourselves or select a position
on the map.
Again they won't work as of now but we'll work on this soon.
Now before going to making those patents work I want to finished is for him here with the two buttons
added here.
It would be nice to also see a select the place if we have selected one so I will add another row but
below those buttons and then there are later when I display a snippet I Google Maps snippet of where
I display to select the place.
So for now I'm going to add a paragraph where I say select that place but will later replace this with
the actual Google Maps snippet where we highlight the place which was selected so that we can see that
we indeed at a place.
Otherwise we get no wish representation of this and we can see if it's stored in some back property
we want to see it on our UI.
So this role will be added if we do have a place selected.
And with that I can go to the image part.
So below the place partir I'll add a new row and there will add a new column and then this column I'm
going to say text center and have a little heading 8:5 heading maybe where I say take all text take
a photo to motivate to use or to take a photo and then below that.
Ana Navarro Let's add another column with a button which allows us to open the camera.
So this button here will as always receive the iron button attribute to make it look like a button I
can left because that would include the icon which should be placed on the left.
It will be of type block and it will be of type outline as the above buttons and it will be a button
type to also prevent this button from submitting the page.
And finally I'll add a click listener way say on take photo and this will trigger some method opening
the camera and the end in the button let's add I can with I and I can name is camera.
Does this fit in camera.
I can I own two ships with and I'll say open camera as a text here.
So if that that Buckner's edit the last piece is asked for a place here.
I also want to show a preview of the image we took.
So add another I-and robe Lowder's take a photo button you're with the eye and color inside of it.
And here I want to give a preview of the photo we took.
So I'm going to add image tech your normal image tech and I'm going to use property binding here to
bind to some property to some image we're displaying now does empty we will populate this later.
So this will allow us to see a preview of the image we actually took and I want to will automatically
resize this image to fit nicely on the screen and into this column so that's nice.
So with all this emplace I can now add another row and the number column and this will be the last one
where you have to submit button for this form.
So all of type in button of course but in there I simply want to have a secondary color to make this
a green button which always looks more friendly and like hey we can do something good.
Ultimate good of type block to have it span over the full width.
And more importantly the type is submit because this button should submit to the form.
I will say add days place on this button to add displays to our list of places we're going to find you
in this form later.
But with that we have a basic form in place.
Now I'm going to chopt the form header and what I want to do here is I want to get a reference to the
form with F equals and the form we saw this before.
And at the end you submit Mefford so that we can actually.
Listeners should say so that we can actually do something when the form gets submitted and you execute
on submit and pass the form as an argument.
Also with the form now being extracted and stored and the F little variable here I can go down to my
submit button here and at the WIPs at the disabled binding here to disable the spot if the form is not
valid.
So this is all set up.
Let's now finish this lecture by going to the component to the AT place component file to the typescript
file here removing this comment and all the bullshit boilerplate and adding the ends up at method where
we know we will get a form of type entry form.
Make sure to import this from angular forms and that in onze of and I will simply log my form value
to see that this works.
So let me save this and let the pre-compiled Let's have a look.
If this looks all right and if the submission works it does look good.
We can't judge if we're able to see the map and the camera we will work on this later.
Let's now Tester's by adding some text year and a little description and then hit at this place we see
the object with those two fields that looks all right with that.
The basic form is set up nothing new so far.
Let's next start working on picking a location